DEV: module configuration changes for CE8 (#956)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/bloom/config.md

## Configuration settings

> See [configuration settings]({{< relref "/develop/data-types/probabilistic/configuration" >}}) in the Develop section.

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention that the RS/RC compatibility info is available there too.
```suggestion
See [configuration parameters]({{< relref "/develop/data-types/probabilistic/configuration" >}}) in the Develop section for parameter details and compatibility with Redis Software and Redis Cloud.
```
